Team, do it yourself,
It's up to my teacher to help you. I did promise a prize.
We need to help them get the invitation from Zhizun.
But I didn't say when.
What does it mean the most. Zhao Zhao,
What are you waiting for? This guy only talks big words.
Quickly give them some color and make mistakes.
Even so? It’s just a Zhizun invitation card.
I don't even need it.
What you mean is going to be a lie.
You want Zhizun to invite you.
It's nothing more than wanting to leave the Dragon Lord's Forbidden Memory.
Do you think so?
We can go wherever you ask us to go
I asked you, can you change the decision?
That pen of falling in love with the bad guy
Today is the return of the Dragon Lord
Let’s try again which one is not a big shot?
Why are you saying those embarrassing things?
Did you say you were the Dragon Lord before?
Give me this piece of trash legs
You are so brave, especially
This is the secretary of Linpin Group
His appearance represents
Lord Feng is really coming
You bounce back and you see the Dragon Lord